<h1 align="center">✨ Wincorona✨</h1>

<p align="center">
Wincorona is an application developed by me for non profit during the 2nd phase of covid in India when there was a scarcity of oxygen, blood plasma and people were sharing information about oxygen and blood supplier over social media and it was really hard to keep track of those information. This app is design to solve that problem. The application allows to get information related to required items using pincode. Anyone can use their pincode and search oxygen, blood plasma etc and if the information is available it will be shown in the results. If users are not satisfied with the results then they can post in the ask for help section. 
</p>

## Core Features
1. Search using Pincode to get relevant results. Input pincode and check required items to search and get results.
2. Register and Login to Contribute. Create an account if you want to contribute or post relevant information about suppliers and edit, update and delete posts according to preference.
3. Ask for Help. If you are not satisfied with the search results you can post your needs in public and anyone visiting the app can view your post and can help accordingly.
4. Contact. In case you want to contact the team or the developer, you can fill the form and post.
5. Admin Panel. Can view total number of contributions made, people requested for help, people trying to contact and total number of users in the dashboard section. Search contribution with pincode in the contribution list section. Can view and edit list of users registered and contact list.
* Registration and Login includes features like email verification and forget and reset password.

## Technology Stack
* Node.js - Javascript Runtime for Servers.
* React.js - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces
* Material UI - React components for faster and easier web development.
* MongoDB Cloud Atlas - Database Management on Cloud
* Git Bash - GitCLI for Git Operations
* POSTMAN - API Testing Tool
* TypeScript -an open-source language which builds on JavaScript, one of the world’s most used tools, by adding static type definitions.


## Setup
##### Environmental Variables for Backend
####
```
BASE_URL = Set your frontend URL e.g - localhost:3000 for development
PIN_API = https://api.postalpincode.in/pincode
SECRET = eg. eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR ... for generating JWT Tokens
MONGODB_URI_PROD = URI for connecting to MongoDB Database.
MONGODB_POOLSIZE = 10 or you can set to your custom
MAIL_SERVER_HOST = eg. smtp.gmail.com - Set it to yours.
MAIL_USER = eg. youremail@gmail.com 
SUPER_ADMIN_NAME = eg. SUPER ADMIN or Set it as per your choice.
SUPER_ADMIN_EMAIL = eg. admin@gmail.com 
SUPER_ADMIN_PHONE = eg. 8981430145
SUPER_ADMIN_PASSWORD = eg. PassDum@123 or Set Default Password for Admin
PORT = 8080 or Set Default Port
CLIENT_ID = Client ID generated by Google Cloud Console for Oauth2.0
CLIENT_SECRET = Client Secret generated
REFRESH_TOKEN = Refresh token generated
REDIRECT_URL = eg https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground 
```
For sending email with gmail using Oauth2.0. Refer here - [Sending Email with Gmail and Oauth2.0]

Backend
```
cd backend
npm install
npm run local -- for development or npm start -- for production
```
Frontend
```
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```


[Sending Email with Gmail and Oauth2.0]: https://medium.com/@nickroach_50526/sending-emails-with-node-js-using-smtp-gmail-and-oauth2-316fe9c790a1

```text
Liked this Project? Why not 🌟 it?
```

> Made with 🖤 by Trishnangshu Goswami

